# CS-320-Software-Test-Automation-and-QA
# Name: Kat Gilliland

# How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
I can ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure by conducting various types of software tests (unit tests, performance tests, user acceptance tests or UAT, etc.). While deciding which type of test to use would largely depend on the program at hand, this course primarily focused on the use of JUnit tests. JUnit tests are a type of unit testing within the Java framework that allows for the creation of individual automated test cases based on a program's internal structure. Through JUnit testing, an individual can verify that each code component within an application is functioning as expected when put under various conditions. By writing and developing unique test cases and ensuring that the code passes these tests, a developer can feel more confident in their programming skills and confirm that they implemented the software properly. Additionally, conducting tests such as JUnit tests can help identify defects or bugs in the software much earlier in development, which will ultimately boost the system's stability and reliablity and save an organization both time and money. 

# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program by constantly referring to the client's business/software requirements. Business requirements act as the foundation for software developement projects by helping those working on it understand the system's intended functionality and the client's expected outcome. Keeping the user needs and client requirements in mind can drive decisions for a software project team and help them prioritize the work to be done. Business requirements are especially useful for developing JUnit tests as they confirm the expected behavior for each functionality within the code. 

# How do I approach designing software?
I aproach designing software by first, identifying the client's needs and vision for the program. Once the requirements are understood, it becomes much easier to develop a program that aligns with their goals and acts as intended. After developing the code, I ensure it is properly implemented, functional, and secure by utilizing software testing techniques, such as unit testing. I particularly would confirm that my completed software is functional and secure by conducting user acceptance testing or UAT. Having worked on a software testing team previously, I have seen the importance of UAT testing firsthand. UAT testing is critical for delivering a successful application as it validates the software against the client and user's expectations, identifies any potential defects or gaps in functionality, and verifies the customer's satisfaction with the resulting program. 
